About Us | Medcare MSO Skip to content Services Close Services Open Services Revenue Cycle Management Value Added Services Product Revenue Cycle Management Catalyze financial processes to get you paid faster Medical Billing We take a comprehensive, all-inclusive approach. Laboratory Billing Leverage experience and know-how to help chart a successful future. Imaging Billing We will handle complicated coding for your imaging center. Physician Billing Your dedication to your patients is of the utmost importance. AR Recovery To meet the unique needs of your organization. Hospital Billing We take a comprehensive, all-inclusive approach. Staffing and Workforce Services On-demand Front and Back Office Staffing services to Increase Profitability and Growth. BI Reporting Services Adaptable Dashboards for Dynamic Business Needs Robotic Process Automation Services Fewer Errors, Faster Claims, and Accelerated Financial Performance Healthcare Data Integration Solutions Comprehensive, Collaborative, and Client-Centered Interoperability QMS and Lean Six Sigma Solutions Optimize Day-to-Day Operations with Proactive, Data-Driven Approach Practice Management Software Empower Your Healthcare Practice with Maximus -
A Comprehensive Practice Management Software Take a tour to PMS Specialties Testimonials About Us Insights Close Insights Open Insights Blog Webinars White Papers Contact Request Demo Welcome To MedCare MSO Your digital health care Partner Get In Touch Get In Touch About Us Since 2012, Medcare MSO has been a trusted name in medical billing. With a decade of healthcare IT and billing experience, our team of medical billing and revenue cycle management professionals knows how to get things done quickly and efficiently. Request a Consultation Request a Consultation We provide complete billing solutions to ensure that organizations of all sizes and specialties receive the services they need, including medical claims billing service , aging AR recovery , and practice management solutions. Our medical billing software is currently being utilized by nearly one million satisfied physicians , nurse practitioners, and healthcare professionals in more than 80,000 healthcare facilities nationwide. What Makes Us Different? 88% First Pass Clean Claims Rate 15-20% Revenue Increase 30% Reduction in A/R 90%+ Collection Ratios ↓10% 120+ AR 7-14 Days Turn Around Time Vision Our vision is to advance the industry’s standard of service by providing new, innovative solutions that help our clients achieve their highest levels of success and efficiency. Mission At Medcare MSO, we know that each client’s needs are unique. Our mission is to provide exceptional, tailored support that fosters healthy practices and strong revenue management systems. Core Values Medcare’s core values are reflected in our dedication to delivering the most efficient solutions for medical billing and revenue cycle management. People We believe in nurturing and empowering our people, valuing their growth, well-being, and contributions Integrity We believe in a culture where honesty and ethical behavior are the foundation of all our actions Innovation We believe in constant creativity, driving progress through new ideas Teamwork We believe in the power of collaboration, combining individual strengths to achieve collective success Excellence We believe in pursuing excellence in all that we do, striving for the highest standards of quality and performance Schedule a free Demo A member of our team will get in touch with you in 12 hours. CALL US AT 800-640-6409 PRODUCTS Maximus RCM SERVICES Revenue Cycle Management Medical Billing Laboratory Billing Physician Billing AR Recovery Imaging Billing Hospital Billing Credentialing View all services SPECIALTIES Rehab Oncology Psychiatric Wound Care Dermatology Cardiology FQHC Medical Clinics View all specialties QUICK LINKS About Us Webinars Blogs States Contact us LET’S GET CONNECTED 1 Step 1 Name your full name Your Email email Subscribe keyboard_arrow_left Previous Next keyboard_arrow_right Privacy Policy Return Policy Quality Policy Sitemap Copyright © 2024 Medcare MSO Services Revenue Cycle Management Medical Billing Service Physician Billing Services Laboratory Billing Services AR Recovery Services Hospital Billing Services Imaging Center Billing Services Medcare Force Value Added Services BI Reporting Healthcare Integration Services Robotic Process Automation QMS and Lean Six Sigma Solutions Specialties Testimonial About Us Insights Blog Webinars Contact Request Demo 1 Step 1 Let’s Get in Touch If you’d like to talk to someone now, give us a call at 800-640-6409. ​ To request a call back, just fill out this form. Please let us know your interest so we can be sure to have the best person call you. Name Business Name Email email Phone Total AR Monthly Billing 1K-15K 15K-30K 30K-50K 50K-75K 75K-100K Above 100K # of Providers 1-5 6-10 Above 10 Your Message 0 / SUBMIT keyboard_arrow_left Previous Next keyboard_arrow_right