Managed billing services for healthcare providers. Let us inspect your practice for revenue leakage. Accurate medical coding with complete denial management. Nationwide clearinghouse connecting providers with their favorite payers. RCM solutions for revenue increase and more profitability. Rank your practice to Google's forefront pages for more patients. Fast approval into premium payer networks with maximum privileges. REQUEST A DEMO Schedule a FREE demo to learn how we enhance your practice. It automates medical billing and patient eligibility verification on 1-click Connect with nationwide payers and submit claims electronically in a secure EDI All-In-One Medical BillingServices forUSAProviders BellMedEx is a world-famous medical billing firm – deploying the best practices in medical billing and coding for physicians looking to outsource billing and coding to an expert 3rd party billing agency. Our certified medical coders and billers help healthcare organizations recover Aged Receivables and resolve insurance Claim Denials, as well. 1500+ Satisfied Providers Serving More Than 75 Specialties 1200+ Billing and Coding Experts Our leading medical billing company has revolutionized healthcare billing solutions by replacing outdated, error-prone practice management procedures with smart, electronic medical billing services and clinical billing and accounts management solutions for all specialties. The results? Fast reimbursements, accurate claim transmission, better patient care and smooth cash flow while adhering to HIPAA-compliant patient claims billing principles. BellMedEx’s medical billing management services make them the perfect ten for full billing services, including: Expert patient billers offer the most complete medical billing services that entail handling check-in/out, claims, payments, and denials for health care providers. Clinical coding officers translate patient services into ICD-10 and CPT codes and generate a clean “super-bill” for the biller to submit to the insurance payer. Provider enrollment services by our credentialing specialists help healthcare providers join the network of desirable payors with maximum privileges. Revenue cycle management services are specialty-specific, which means a physician’s bespoke demands are met by a dedicated medical biller. Safest digital encryption protects sensitive patient data. Get full payments, without unfair cuts by the insurance networks. 96% 1.2k+ Over 1500 medical practices trust BellMedEx  medical billing services company. So let's have a chat. Healthcare organizations are at the heart of our medical billing and collections team. From primary care physicians to specialty clinics, our dedicated clinical coding officers and claims examiners implement a precision-driven approach so that revenue flows smoothly and claim denials fade away. Which of these challenges are you facing as a provider? Specialty Medical Billing Our tailored medical billing services boost reimbursements through specialty-focused billing teams adept at ICD-10 coding rules and protocols unique to your medical niche.And we customize your EHR to match your specialty’s workflows. Save over in-house billing with our affordable 2.49% collections rate, pay-for-paid model, free EMR software, scalability, and free denied claims appeals. Outsource to us for billing optimization with complimentary perks like: Get InstantFREEPricing Quote Some billing companies bill once they submit a claim, but BellMedEx only bills for claims that are paid. We are very satisfied with the billing services provided to date. “BellMedEx responds to my inquiries within hours not days. They will argue with insurance for an hour to collect every penny owed, they learned my chiropractic software quickly and their fees are very reasonable. My life is easier because of Bell MedEx.” US-based Chiropractor Whether you’re a doctor only looking for medical billing solutions or a hospital outsourcing full-cycle RCM, BellMedEx takes care of everything from billing services to clearinghouse solutions and everything in between. Not to forget, we give you complete freedom to choose medical billing software of your choice or else pick our in-house software that comes with free EHR and other powerful features to streamline your entire RCM cycle. BellMedex Medical Billing @ 2.99% Licensed Professional Counselor I would like to send out a heartfelt appreciation for all of your hard work in helping my Health Counselling clinic take care of our billing and credentialing needs. You have made my job as a practice owner much easier. Plastic Surgeon We are more than satisfied with BellMedEx and would highly recommend them to anyone searching for an efficient billing company. Working with BellMedEx has felt effortless and we are vastly thankful for their services. Internal Specialist Medicine BellMedEx has been a phenomenal asset to our company. Assisting with billing, credentialing and enrollment, BellMedex has been consistently reliable from the first day of our relationship. Psychiatrist Catonsville, Maryland Our medical facility has been working with BellMedEx for about 2 years now and we are very pleased with their services. BellMedEx Medical Billing is a great company for billing needs. The customer support is great. Schedule a FREE Demo Sign up and book a free service demo Get Started Today Choose the best package for your practice BellMedEx is a full service medical billing company that handles every aspect of your billing process, from coding and claims to payment and follow-up. We have the expertise and methods to tackle any billing challenge, no matter the scope or specialty of your practice. With BellMedEx, you can leave behind billing worries and concentrate on patient care. ©  Bellmedex 2025 All Rights Reserved. By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.