Medical Billing Services - Maximize Your Revenue with Accuracy Home Services 2022 mega menu logo No Administrative Load on Healthcare Providers! This is the vision that we, as your outsourcing medical billing company, strive to achieve with automated and simplified billing solutions! Schedule a Call hippa REVENUE CYCLE MANAGEMENT Empower your practice management with a streamlined RCM solution. medicle biling company Automated Medical Billing Avoid claim denials, and save cost and time with RPA billing solutions. hippa medicle billing HIPAA – Security Risk Analysis Identify compromised billing practices & ensure HIPAA compliance. medicle biling software Medical Billing Software Automate the billing process via a smart practice management system. a r m Accounts Receivable Management We manage your accounts, patient declarations, and appeal management. healthcare services MIPS Services We are an all-in-one platform for MIPS Reporting Services. m b coding Credentialing Services Get your credentials verified by experts and tap top insurance networks. a m b Audit – Medical Billing Let our expert auditors rectify billing mistakes in your billing process. m c a Medical Coding Analysis Avoid upcoding or under coding in your claims for faster submissions. clinic lab Denial Management Services Optimize revenue with efficient denial management services to minimize claim rejections. Management Services Bookkeeping & Tax Filing Services Specialities Cardiology OBGYN/Gynecology Nephrology Chiropractic Internal Medicine Pathology & Clinical Lab View More Medical Billing laptop p3care Optimized Processes. Better Performance. Level Up Your Medical Practice with P3Care! Take a Tour medicle biling services Medical Billing Services Our medical billing services offer complete assistance straight through the process until the physicians get paid timely by insurance companies. m b coding Medical Billing and Coding Get our professional help to code and bill your claims accurately as per the latest coding and billing guidelines. medicle biling company Medical Billing Services in Texas Our professional medical billers and coders got you covered in Texas transcribing patient encounters into clean claims via updated billing and coding practices. hippa medicle billing HIPAA Medical Billing Confirm HIPAA compliance in your medical billing and send clean claims to payers for instant acceptance. medicle biling services Medical Billing Services in California We are well-versed with California billing and coding rules to optimize physicians’ reimbursements through end-to-end revenue cycle management solutions. medicle biling company Medical Billing Services in Nevada Our professionals’ experience and expertise sort out all the billing and coding needs in Nevada, so clinicians focus on their primary operational duties without hassle. Quality Reporting Quality Payment Program 2025 Quality Payment Program 2024 Quality Payment Program 2023 Quality Payment Program 2022 MIPS & MACRA ACO Reporting Resources Testimonials About Us Blog Search Menu Facebook Linkedin Twitter Youtube Instagram Email info@p3care.com Call Now (844) 557-3227 Consult Now Medical Billing Services You are here: Home / Medical Billing Services Medical Billing Services Our medical billing services provide solutions for all your complex billing and coding needs. Free Consultation Get Started Trusted by 790+ Physicians Catering to 40+ Specialties 70+ Certified Medical Billers & Coders Al-in-One Automated Billing Solution Up to 90% First Pass Resolution Rate Stuck Between Patient Care & Administrative Load? P3Care is here for you. So, do you want to secure error-free billing? Do you want to reduce the denial rate and get timely reimbursements? Do you want a platform where you get an all-in-one billing solution? Attention! Do You Know? According to Becker’s Hospital Review, Up to 80% of Medical Bills Are Faulty in the US Healthcare Industry! And it’s unfortunate that poor medical billing services have caused doctors to lose an estimated $125 billion each year. (Source: Equifax) P3Care Provides Perfect Billing Services for You! We Love Our Clients & They Love Us! Worked with P3 for MIPS reporting for the year 2021. With P3 we didn’t have to worry about MIPS hardly at all. They took care of it. Greatly reduced all the administrative type tasks we used to have to do to report/comply with MIPS. Our MIPS preview score was near perfect and enough to qualify for the extra bonus. Overall great experience. If you are looking for help with MIPS P3 can help you out. When we would call, Jake always would be able to answer our questions and he kept us in the loop with what was going on. Great communication. Our doctors were able to feel at ease and felt confident that things were being handled regarding MIPS. David Burnett P3 Healthcare has been assisting us with MIPS submission for the last 3 years. Our trainer, Joe White has been very helpful and he answers all my questions very patiently. He is a true professional. Not only did they help us achieve our goals but even surpassed it. I highly recommend P3 Healthcare. Amalia Rodriguez It has been 8months that I have been working with P3 Healthcare and I like it. They are accurate and precise. Mr. Max Tyson who is the boss is very knowledgeable and up to date about billings.They have a responsible team who have helped doctors and office managers a lot especially Michael Ross and Daniel Jackson. In general, I am so happy to work with them. I hope we will continue working for them for many years Nastaran Taheri Previous Next How We provide the best medical billing to physicians with many specialties across the USA. With the help of an expert team of medical billers, we deliver excellent services that add value to the revenue cycle management of medical practices without compromising the HIPAA rules and regulations. P3Care Medical Billing Services Help To Save Time and Money Through experience and surveys, we know that healthcare providers stress over many things. Treating patients is one tough job already, so managing claims and keeping follow-up on accounts receivable doesn’t come in handy to many. To help physicians with their optimized performance in this regard, the least we can do is to manage their medical billing . Every specialty has its set of rules, and we are here to come up with the perfect solution that may hinder the practice’s growth in any way. What you get by outsourcing medical billing services is satisfaction at the end of the day, as you don’t have to keep a check on every claim. A team of professionals does it for you along with timely claim submissions. And of course, you only have to take care of your patients meanwhile. Here’s What We Do for Our Billing Clients: Here What We Do For Our Billing Clients Medical Billing Isn’t Easy  But We’re Here For You! Billing is concerned with the payment received by physicians for rendered medical services, whereas coding directly affects the cash flow. It means that healthcare organizations depend on both aspects to keep their reimbursement coming. And, if you’re not careful about the process, you will miss out on many revenue opportunities. Denied Claims, Late Follow-Ups, and Poor AR Management are just a few reasons. The Medical Billing Insight Types of Systems in Medical Billing Services Open Closed Isolated A closed medical billing services system means that the system is only focused on a singular practice. An open billing system allows the transfer of documentation/data across practices, healthcare professionals and facilities, etc. Whereas, the system that is completely removed from the healthcare facilities, physicians, and practices is known as an isolated billing system. Personal Health Records are one such example. No matter what type of system you are used to working in, we get your records sorted as per the latest industry standards for more reimbursements. Medical Billing Services for Small Practices What benefits do small practices receive form external billing services? Why Medical Billing Services? You can have the following advantages by getting billing services from P3 Healthcare Solutions. Improved Cash Flow The persistent cash flows act as the backbone of a system. Our Medical Billing experts put countless efforts into implementing a secure and steady RCM to get reimbursements on time. Speedy Submissions With compatible health IT software, we submit claims at a faster pace. Alongside, modern IT solutions i.e., RPA reduces manual errors. Thus, we eliminate overheads to the fullest. Efficient Client Support Our expert medical billers are approachable to level all your queries and concerns. Whenever you are stuck in RCM or want to review monthly collections, get devoted support from us. Streamlined Reporting In addition to preparing on-demand reports occasionally, we let you know about your financial situation by sending practice overview reports and charge submission checklists daily. Prior Insurance Authorization We document a report by locating structural/functional gaps in insurance and health plans. We inform providers whether the insurance plan covers the treatment/service to be performed. Denial Management Though, payers typically give 90 days for claim resubmission of denials. So, team P3Care takes prompt action to rectify errors. We inform physicians about the claims’ active status. Reduced Expenses We have automated billing services to minimize your overheads. Meanwhile, P3Care focuses more on technology to cut down billing costs with faster and more accurate claim submissions. HIPAA-Compliance P3Care gives go-to solutions for assisting ongoing changes in healthcare with time-trusted medical billing services as per the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. Strategic Medical Billing Leads to High Collections Only expert medical billers can fill the gap between an ordinary revenue cycle and the extraordinary one. The difference a professional help can make in your practice growth is a lot and cannot be subsidized. In addition, the healthcare industry is a competitive one, and it’s not easy to survive unless you put your best foot forward in terms of staying put with the changing industry rules. Therefore, we enable a medical billing system for our clients where different experts come together to compile claims as per their specialty. From scheduling patients to handling claims submissions, payment posting, and AR management, P3Care does everything. We Take Care of Your Medical Billing Process Until Your Claims Gets Paid! We know that it is not just about compiling claims and sending them over to insurance companies. It’s more than that! Your claim can fall under the accounts receivable category and it is a crucial part of it. And, finding the root cause of denials and rectifying issues is what our team of experts does. Data Verification Patient Registration Prior Eligibility & Benefits Check HIPAA compliance Daily schedule analysis Eligibility & Insurance checking HIPAA compatibility analysis Outstanding balance collection Prior authorization Billing Process Healthcare provider enrollment Medical coding Claim submission & tracking Medical coding Claim compilation Claim attachments Claim submission & clearinghouse tracking Accounts Receivable Management Rejection & Denial management Payment posting Appeal processing AR management Payment posting Appeal processing Secondary billing We Manage All Types of Billing Under One Roof Regardless of any of the following specialties, we offer the best health IT solution for you. We will help you with revenue cycle optimization through efficient medical billing , HIPAA compliance, and MIPS reporting for incentives and bonuses. Follow a manual added link Cardiology Follow a manual added link OBGYN/Gynecology Follow a manual added link Nephrology Follow a manual added link Chiropractic Follow a manual added link Internal Medicine Psychology Anesthesiology Physical Therapy No Administrative Load Means Peace of Mind for Physicians The financial well-being of a clinician is just as crucial as their physical well-being. Thus, to meet the demands of the revenue cycle, we must know what rules to abide by, and understandably, only billing experts like us can manage that. Although each specialty’s general billing procedure is the same, there are typically differences between ICD-10 and CPT codes. Here our expertise comes to the rescue. The primary goal of a medical billing company is to streamline the claim creation to the point of reimbursement. And guess what, we do that with the first pass acceptance rate from the clearing house. With 7+ Years of Experience, We Deliver Solutions that Result in High Collections Learn More Telehealth Medical Billing Services With the rise of technology, we cannot deny the importance of Telehealth medical billing . The independence that physicians and patients receive while going digital is tremendous. However, it’s hard and not many people know how to bill such rendered services. P3Care comes forward as a guiding light in this regard to improve your practice management. Switch to Automated Medical Billing Services for Improved Outcomes What’s better than a medical billing company? A company that offers you automated billing and saves you hundreds of bucks on claim rejections. We have the resources to cater to such needs efficiently! Medical Billing Services in Texas Medical Billing Services in Nevada California Medical Billing Ready to Get Started with Medical Billing Services? Empower your medical practice with the latest billing solutions that improve billing performance with lesser errors, improved efficiency, and impeccable client experience. Book an Appointment We are ready to satisfy any queries relevant to medical billing and coding, MIPS reporting, and ACO reporting. Kindly fill in your info below to get an appointment. 1 Provider 2 Providers 3-5 Providers 6-10 Providers More Than 10 Providers Healthcare Provider Physician Provider (MD, DO, DDS, etc.) Non-physician Provider (PA, NP, RN) Therapist (Mental Health, PT, OT, SLP) Biller Front Office Manager Billing Company ACO Software/IT Consultant Practice Manager Owner/C-Level Employee Other Staff Student/Educator I am a Patient Revenue Cycle Management Credentialing Services HIPAA – Security Risk Analysis Medical Billing Software Accounts Receivable Management Medical Billing Services MIPS Reporting Audit – Medical Billing Medical Coding Analysis RPA Medical Billing Bookkeeping & Tax Filing Where did you hear about us? Search Engine Social Media P3's Representative Referral Others Medical Billing Services – Frequently Asked Questions Where can I find medical billing services near me? You can use Google to find the nearest medical billing services. Medical billing companies near you would appear, those within your state and county once you hit search. A long list of Google listings will surface up. However, if that doesn’t work out, we are here to assist you through the revenue cycle management process to the best of our ability. We are happy to recover collections that you deserve with minimum denials and vigilant tracking of claims. Rigorous follow-ups are one of our strengths. Why are medical billing services in the USA mostly outsourced? Medical billing services in the US return peaceful solutions for most practices. It is where outsourcing a third-party takes the burden of creating, filing, and managing claims away from them. The in-house solution is expensive and usually drains the available staff of hours. Hence, the outsourced solution seems highly likely to work in favor of providers. How much do medical billing services cost? The cost of medical billing services typically involves two components: claim-based and collection-based fees. These fees generally add up to around 7% of the total amount reimbursed each month. Why do medical billing service companies often lack reporting? I wouldn’t say they lack reporting because it means they fail to comply with their self-assessment system. There may be delays, but we, as a medical billing services, don’t delay our reports. One of our strengths is to be available to physicians even at odd hours. Your account manager is dedicated to your billing cause. Hence, it is their job to expedite your RCM process via insurance follow-ups, AR management, and payment postings. We primarily provide HIPAA medical billing services and MIPS consultancy, among other services. As your HIT consultant, we optimize providers’ performance for improved RCM. info@p3care.com (844) 557-3227 3200 E Guasti Rd Suite 100, Ontario, CA 91761, United States COMPANY Home RCM About Us Contact Us Html Site Map SERVICES MIPS Reporting 2024 Denial Management Services Medical Billing Services Medical Coding Analysis California Medical Billing Texas Medical Billing Services Nevada Medical Billing Services RESOURCES Medical Billing Services for Small Practices Pharmacy Billing Services Cardiology Billing Services OBGYN/Gynecology Billing Services Nephrology Billing Services Chiropractic Billing Services Blog SUBSCRIBE US Subscribe to us to recieve blog posts, MIPS news, and our monthly promotions. Copyright P3 Healthcare Solutions 2024. All rights reserved. Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Scroll to top Meet Us At Booth# 5452 #HIMSS2024 | Orlando Dates: March 12-14, 2024 Location: Orange County Convention Center, Orlando, Florida × Welcome to P3Care Grow Your Medical Practice with Optimized Solutions Your practice might be doing good in terms of revenue cycle management. It’s time to take it to the next level with automated medical billing. Ensure patient priority Enhance patient experience Reduce administrative costs Keep the revenue cycle running Stay up-to-date with the industry rules Custom growth solutions for every practice Let’s Discuss How Can We Help Grow Your Medical Practice Number of Providers 1 Provider 2 Providers 3-5 Providers 6-10 Providers More Than 10 Providers How did you hear about us? Google/Social Media Podcast CMS Website From our agent Referral Other --- Please Select Services --- REVENUE CYCLE MANAGEMENT RPA Medical Billing Accounts Receivable Management Credentialing Services Healthcare Services Audit – Medical Billing Medical Coding Analysis Pathology & Clinical Lab × Our Spring Sale Has Started You can see how this popup was set up in our step-by-step guide: https://wppopupmaker.com/guides/auto-opening-announcement-popups/ × Dear Clinicians, You deserve healthy compensation for the hours of care you provide. Whether it’s medical billing, credentialing, or QPP MIPS 2021 reporting, we optimize your performance in every sector. Would you like to improve your practice’s collection rate? If yes is your answer, please fill this form. Enter Your Information: Sign up for MIPS 2020 data submissions Number of Providers 1 Provider 2 Providers 3-5 Providers 6-10 Providers More Than 10 Providers How did you hear about us? Google/Social Media Podcast CMS Website From our agent Referral Other --- Please Select Services --- REVENUE CYCLE MANAGEMENT RPA Medical Billing Accounts Receivable Management Credentialing Services Healthcare Services Audit – Medical Billing Medical Coding Analysis Pathology & Clinical Lab × How did you hear about us? Google/Bing Podcast Social Media Friend Other × ×