Solutions Architecture, features, compliance, standards and
                                                                delivery models Enhance quality, efficiency and productivity Improve service quality and optimize administrative
                                                                workflows Specialty tools, content, templates and automation Reduce denials, increase collections and fix revenue
                                                                leaks Value-based care for regulated agencies Enroll, manage, report and bill for care management
                                                                services. Let your patients subscribe to valuable electronic tools
                                                                and self service options Extend your practice beyond boundaries for integrated
                                                                mobile access Effortless AI-Generated Documentation Contracting your practice or entity effectively to
                                                                    maximize reimbursement. Learn about CureMD's AI innovations at the point of care Company Everything there is to know about CureMD Frequently asked questions and answers Share our success by becoming a partner Awards, Standards and Certifications - Proof of our
                                                                quality The latest news, updates and developments Join us and be part of our team Learn more about personalized support and consulting Meet Team CureMD at events across the nation Partner Regional Extension Centers Get in touch for more information Resources Grow Your Practice with industry insights and up to date
                                                                knowledge Learn the latest trends See how CureMD is making difference Whitepapers to help you make better decisions Expert analysis and opinions on
                                                                everything related to Health IT What clients say about CureMD Learn more about or company and capabilities. In depth knowledge on every thing MACRA Interviews with the industry's 'Most influential' *We never share your information without permission.Privacy PolicyTerms of Use. Maximize Profitability. Minimize Errors. CureMD’s medical billing services are designed to help you get paid
                        faster and more efficiently. Our advanced AI software and ability to scale allow us to offer a
                        comprehensive billing solution at an affordable price. This means you don't have to hire expert
                        billers or spend time training your staff to handle complex billing queries—we handle it all for
                        you.More With nearly 30 years of medical billing experience, we
                                streamline the claims process and make it easier to manage, so you can focus on
                                delivering quality care to your patients. From claim creation and submission to denial management, appeals,
                                payment posting, and reporting, our experienced team moves your billing operations
                                forward, whether you are a multispecialty group or a solo practice. At CureMD, we are
                                committed to guiding your practice staff and helping them get you paid 4 to 10% more and
                                35% faster. Less Payor changes can be challenging, but CureMD is here to help. Our revenue cycle
                        management solution makes missed collections a thing of the past. Our easy-to-use platform
                        provides total visibility into your performance, enabling you to improve collections and get
                        paid faster with less work.More We stay ahead of the curve by constantly updating our rules
                                engine, a knowledge base with more than 4 million rules that automatically detect issues
                                with claims before they are submitted. This helps ensure that 96% of our claims are
                                accepted and paid on the first submission, helping you collect faster. If a claim is denied, our dedicated team of experts manages the
                                denial on your behalf and adds a new rule to our database to prevent similar denials
                                from happening in the future. With a strong focus on customer satisfaction and a commitment to
                                excellence, we have built a reputation as a credible and reliable partner for healthcare
                                organizations seeking to improve their revenue cycle management processes. Our billing
                                services include: Less CureMD offers tailored medical billing services for each specialty including: Let our team of medical billing experts help you maximize your revenue with our specialty billing services. CureMD’s medical billing services eliminate revenue leakages and
                        optimize revenue collection by streamlining your entire workflow, from eligibility and check-in
                        to copay collection and back-office management. By working with us, you can expect to see a 5 to
                        10% increase in collections in the first few months, with 96% of claims getting paid on the
                        first submission.More. We also help you significantly reduce A/R days and denials, and
                                provide timely patient statement dispatches to ensure that you have visibility and
                                transparency into every dollar you earn. We guarantee: With our unique blend of personal attention and billing
                                sophistication, CureMD is here to take your billing operations to the next level. Less CureMD is one of the leading medical revenue cycle companies that offers
                        innovative solutions and services to medical practices, clinics, and hospitals. Our revenue
                        cycle management services are highly regarded for their accuracy, efficiency, and effectiveness
                        in optimizing financial performance.More. Our commitment to compliance and superior customer service is
                                unrivaled in the industry, helping you reduce costs while optimizing your revenue
                                collection. With a 99% customer retention rate, we are proud to offer the highest
                                quality medical billing services in the industry. With our medical billing services, you
                                receive the following features at no additional cost: Less To ensure you don’t leave any money on the table, CureMD offers a complimentary financial audit for your practice. This detailed report analyzes your revenue and determines how well your current billing processes are working and how your practice measures up against industry standards. With more than 25 years in the medical billing industry, our billing and coding specialists can help identify missed opportunities for revenue, including revenue lost due to incorrect fee schedules, coding errors, and services that providers are not billing for. Learn more about the features that make our medical billing services the best in the business. Our e-super bill feature recommends the level of evaluation and management (E&M) code that will be appropriate against the provided information. It also outlines missing components, if any, for a particular level of E&M coding, greatly reducing the chances of up/down coding and eliminating the need to hire a separate coder to audit the level of documentation against each claim. With online reporting and analytics, you have complete financial visibility anytime, anywhere. Our medical billing software provides preformatted reports to measure your practice performance and highlight areas for improvement, as well as customized reports for insight into your unique pain points and performance initiatives. Quick Setup Sit back and forget about the complexities of medical billing. Regardless of the size or location
                        of your practice, CureMD makes transitioning to our medical billing service a simple,
                        cost-effective, and painless experience. By choosing CureMD, you can improve patient
                        satisfaction, secure patient data, enhance cash flow, and reduce administrative tasks. We handle all the system setup, documentation, EDI implementation, process coordination, and
                        training at no additional cost. There are no software installation fees. You only pay us for the
                        dollars we collect.Our experienced implementation team guides you through setting up and customizing
                        CureMD to your practice—everything from electronic claims and procedures, to fee schedule,
                        follow-up parameters, and customized reports. CureMD has been great with integrating their billing platform with
                                    our home grown EHR. Very refreshing to work with such a professional group. The vaccine scheduling system is quite flexible. The system lets
                                    people book appointments for themselves online and includes billing automation,
                                    greatly reducing the burden of data entry. CureMD's Medical Billing Software and Services are customizable.
                                    It is simple and straightforward to use. If you can see it, you can do it! With CureMD, I am able to practice medicine the way I like. I can
                                    see patients, do my billing and chart notes. It all works seamlessly. CureMD has made my practice workflow faster, quicker and hassle
                                    free. The fact that I can submit claims with just a click has made my life a lot
                                    easier. With CureMD, I am able to practice medicine the way I like. I can
                                    see patients, do my billing and chart notes. It all works seamlessly. I used to spend hours every week just keeping up with deadlines
                                    and paperwork. But with CureMD, everything is automated and stress-free. Now I can
                                    focus more on my patients and less on admin work. Credentialing was a constant headache for me. I was drowning in
                                    forms and follow-ups, but CureMD stepped in and made the whole process smooth. It's
                                    like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders. Managing credentialing was taking up so much of my time, and I
                                    always felt like I was behind. Thanks to CureMD, everything is streamlined and
                                    organized. I don’t worry about missing deadlines anymore. Keeping up with different payor requirements was overwhelming, and
                                    it always felt like playing catch-up. CureMD simplified the entire process, and now
                                    we’re always ahead of schedule. I can’t imagine going back. I used to worry about compliance and all the paperwork that came
                                    with recredentialing, but they CureMD took care of everything. Now I feel
                                    confident that my credentials are always up to date, and I can focus on growing my
                                    practice. Top RankedEHR #1 AmbulatoryEMR/PM Meaningful UseStage 3 Certified # 1 Practice Management # 1 Electronic Health Records Top RankedSpecialty EHR Capterra'sTop 20 No 1 SaaS EHR KLAS Research 2012 White Coat ofQuality Award Sales Support Jobs Newsletter Tell us about yourself & a CureMD Consultant will contact you shortly. We use cookies to improve our website and services. Click ourPrivacy
                    Policyto know more. To Top